And we have one more announcement.
Sister Lydia Diaz is now serving as a regular pioneer.
We're so happy for you.
We know you'll have many spiritual adventures ahead of you.
Adventurers ahead of you.
We want to be a pioneer.
That's wonderful, Caleb.
What do you think pioneers do?
Go on adventures?
A pioneer's life is exciting.
Do you remember when we talked about being a publisher?
They preached the good news.
But pioneering is a way we can give even more to Jehovah.
Pioneers devote their time and energy
to help as many people as possible to become Jehovah's friends.
I love to do that.
I know you do.
Pioneers also get to go to school.
Not that type of school.
A special school that they attend with other pioneers.
Where they dig into the Bible and learn how to become an even better friend of Jehovah.
It's a lot of fun.
Oh, that's cool.
So pioneers don't go on adventures?
Oh no, they do.
And pioneers look for Jehovah's friends all over the earth.
And some travel to far away places.
You know, Caleb, keep telling others about Jehovah.
And when the time comes, you will be ready to go on the adventure of pioneering.